Contributing
============

This is an open source project and we actively encourage contributions.

The recommended method to contribute is to fork the repository and submit pull
requests to the main project. You can open issues if you find bugs or have
questions or suggestions. If you want to work on a large feature then we suggest you file an
issue first so we can avoid dissapointments come merge time!

Basic rules
-----------
- Your code must build
- Commits must have a sign-off line by at least yourself
- Only commit to the development branch
- Try to split commits up logically or we will ask you to rebase them
- All Grunt tests must pass


Coding Style
------------

Coding style for all code is defined by ESLint config which can be found in 'buildscripts/eslint'.


Author Rules
------------

If you create a file, then add yourself as the Author at the top. If you did a
large contribution to it (or if you want to ;-)), then feel free to add yourself
to the contributors list in that file. You can also add your own copyright
statement to the file but cannot add a license of your own. If you're borrowing
code that comes from a project with another license, make sure to explicitly
note this in your PR.

Code signing
------------

The sign-off is a simple line at the end of the explanation for the
patch, which certifies that you wrote it or otherwise have the right to pass it
on as an open-source patch.  The rules are pretty simple: if you can certify
the below:

        Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1

        By making a contribution to this project, I certify that:

        (a) The contribution was created in whole or in part by me and I
            have the right to submit it under the open source license
            indicated in the file; or

        (b) The contribution is based upon previous work that, to the best
            of my knowledge, is covered under an appropriate open source
            license and I have the right under that license to submit that
            work with modifications, whether created in whole or in part
            by me, under the same open source license (unless I am
            permitted to submit under a different license), as indicated
            in the file; or

        (c) The contribution was provided directly to me by some other
            person who certified (a), (b) or (c) and I have not modified
            it.

        (d) I understand and agree that this project and the contribution
            are public and that a record of the contribution (including all
            personal information I submit with it, including my sign-off) is
            maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent with
            this project or the open source license(s) involved.

Finally you add a line such as:

	Signed-off-by: Random J Developer <random@developer.example.org>

Use your real name! Pseudonyms or anonymous contributions will not be accepted.
